    ${protagonist.names.standard} is about to move to ${town.names.formal} with his girlfriend, ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard}.

    Mr ${protagonist_girlfriend_father.names.last}, ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard_possessive} father, gets ${protagonist_boss.names.standard}, ${protagonist_girlfriend_father.names.standard_possessive} sister and ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard_possessive} aunt, to offer ${protagonist.names.standard} a job at the company where ${protagonist_boss.names.standard} is a manager.

    ${protagonist_uncle.names.first} ${protagonist_uncle.names.last}, ${protagonist.names.standard_possessive} uncle, has a big house in town. ${protagonist_uncle.pronouns.subject_capitalized} offers ${protagonist.names.standard} and ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard} the opportunity to live in his house, since he travels so much. Besides, ${protagonist_uncle.pronouns.subject} has other properties in town. ${protagonist_uncle.names.standard_possessive} house is big, with a very nice pool and ${protagonist_uncle.names.standard} even has a maid - ${mansion_maid.names.standard} - cleaning the house three times per week and a pool cleaner - ${mansion_pool_cleaner.names.standard} - coming twice a week.

    ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard} finds a job as a babysitter to ${protagonist_girlfriend_male_boss.names.standard} and ${protagonist_girlfriend_female_boss.names.standard}, a rich couple living close to ${protagonist_uncle.names.standard}.

    The job at Mr ${protagonist_girlfriend_father.names.last} got ${protagonist.names.standard} pays unusually well and doesn't require too much experience or even too much hard work. If ${protagonist.names.standard} goes to work there, he will work close to ${protagonist_boss.names.standard}, as ${protagonist_boss.pronouns.subject} will be ${protagonist.pronouns.possessive} direct supervisor. One ${protagonist.pronouns.possessive} responsibilities will be to help with ${company_intern.names.standard}, an intern who is about to join the company as well. When ${protagonist.names.standard} visited the company, the first time, ${protagonist.names.standard} talked with ${company_receptionist.names.standard}, the receptionist, very pretty and clearly hired to be eye-candy for any clients visiting. Should ${protagonist.names.standard} work at the company, he will work side-by-side with ${protagonist_nice_male_colleage.names.standard}, ${protagonist_rival_male_colleage.names.standard} and ${protagonist_nice_lesbian_colleage.names.standard} and close to ${protagonist_rival_male_boss.names.standard_possessive} sector.

    ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard} actually lived in ${town.names.standard} for several years and has more family here. ${protagonist_girlfriend_aunt.names.standard} is another one of ${protagonist_girlfriend.names.standard_possessive} aunts, fairly young, but with a teenaged daughter - ${protagonist_girlfriend_female_cousin.names.standard}.
