   After fourteen years living apart, you are a little anxious at sharing a home with Mom and your sisters again. Clarice Emerson is not actually your biological mother. She married your father when you were six and you can only remember what the woman who gave birth to you looked like thanks to some old photos. You are glad you can see Mom frequently again - you only wish it were under better circumstances.
   
   Dad passed away six months ago under strange circumstances. You were attending {NEW notes entry}Finishing School in the {NEW notes entry}Fortitude District when you learned of his death and had to relocate to the {NEW notes entry}Clarity District, where he had his residence. He left you and your sisters a big house in the best part of the wealthiest {NEW notes entry}Districts of the {NEW notes entry}Enclave, but only if you resided there for a full year with your sisters and Mom. Mom wasn't too thrilled by the idea, but since she was already moving out of {NEW notes entry}Foundation with your young sister Lily having just turned eighteen, she decided that the prize was worth the effort and admitted that having the four of you under one roof could be quite good for her.
   
   Lily just started attending the Clarity Finishing School, where you are completing your last year. Allie, older than you by almost three years is looking for a job. Mom got hired at the Council as a finance technician. And you had to quit your job at Temperance, but you are not too sure you still want to get a job with computers. You are intrigued by the work your father was doing and are considering following in his footsteps as researcher in Human Chemistry (what used to be called Pharmaceuticals). For now, you got a position as a volunteer assistant at the District's Medical Center, the best in the entire Enclave, where your father used before his untimely death.
