- ${teenager_male_in_new_home} explores new home.
- ${teenager_male_living_with_sister_and_mother}, ${young_adult_female} - his sister - and ${mature_milf} notice a strange taste in the water. They are not aware of it after the libido suppressant  drug is no longer being added to the water.
- ${teenager_male_living_with_sister_and_mother} notices sister's nipples getting erect while watching a comercial with a very attractive male personality.
- ${teenager_male_living_with_sister_and_mother} notices mother is in a really great shape when she cleans up the backyard with plans to do yoga in the morning.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} notices there are sites blocked by the home router. He figures he can bypass them with some effort.
# Porn Discovery and Addiction
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} bypasses the home router protections and finds porn sites. He is surprised by how much the finding excites him.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} watches vanilla porn and masturbates.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} watches vanilla porn and masturbates again. He notices there is not much content online and there are people *asking* for more content.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} realizes there are paid sites with more porn content and he figures he can bypass the security and access the content with more hours invested or with money.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} invests several hours into studying site protection and accesses an additional kind of porn: Deepthroat porn. He fantasizes fucking a girl's throat as he masturbates.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} realizes different paid sites have different protection systems. He decides to spend some money in one of them. He accesses a new kind of porn: big black dick content (with some racial play).
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} becomes bored with vanilla porn and barely watches it anymore.
- ${teenager_male_with_strong_computer_skills} spends more time and accesses a new kind of porn: lesbian porn.
- ${teenager_male_with_porn_habit} becomes used to masturbating before going to sleep and has trouble sleeping and feels less recovered when not masturbating before.
- ${teenager_male_with_porn_habit} becomes addicted to porn and quickly becomes bored by less extreme porn. He pays for access to bdsm, femdom and cuckold porn. He looks for porn everyday and several times per day.
# School Spy - Ogling in and around class
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} is distracted in class and looks at a female school mate. He finds himself drawn to her curves and notices he is developing and erection and he can't take his eyes away. He gets reprimanded by the teacher for being distracted, but realizes he has some really attractive school mates.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, but gets distracted by really hot school mates and ends up ogling them. He gets reprimanded by a teacher for being distracted and for ogling school mates.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to read before a class starts but ends up distracted by school mates and ogles them. Some of them realize it and tell him to stop, he tries but can barely do it.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, looking only at the teacher to avoid being distracted by the hot students, but he comes to the sudden realization that his teacher is pretty hot herself. He ogles her, but doesn't get reprimanded, as she doesn't realize he is not paying attention in class.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, but gets distracted by cute and timid female school mate and ends up ogling her. She notices and draws attention of the teacher who reprimends ${teenager_wimp_voyeur}.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, one of his hot female school mates is cruel and teases him to distract him, then denounces him to the teacher who reprimends him.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, but one of his cruel female school mates denounces him for ogling her. It is not true, but ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} ends up reprimended by the teacher anyway.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} drops a pen and notices he can look up some of his female school mates' skirts when he bends down to recover the pen. He does that repeatedly to sneak peeks under their skirts several times. He does it too much and ends up drawing the attention of the teacher who reprimends him for being too clumsy (not realizing ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} is looking under skirts).
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} finds that he can drop a pencil in front of a polite female school mate and she will bend over to pick it up and he can look under their skirt or pay attention to their rounded asses. One polite female school mate's boyfriend notices it and pushes ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} against a locker and threatens to pound him. ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} stops with that particular trick.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} collides with a hot female school mate in the hall and spills water over her white blouse, making it transparent and allowing him to ogle at her bra. He realizes he can repeat the trick and does it a couple more times and gets to see a bra-less pair of breasts before being denounced to the principal by a female school mate who realizes his intention.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} tries to focus in class, but he gets distracted by the hot teacher's clothings, trying to guess if she really has pierced nipples. She catches him ogling and reprimands him for being distracted in class, joking that he may be looking too much at her breasts, not realizing that was exactly what he was doing.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} goes back to his trick of dropping a pen in class to peek under female school mates' skirts and gets reprimended by the teacher who became aware of his tricks after he was denounced to the principal. He gets a more serious punishment and is called out as a pervert by the teacher. Comanded to attend detention.
# School Spy - Spying on the secluded make out spot
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} finds couples kissing at school in secluded spots and spies on them. He feels fascinated by their kisses and feels a wave of romanticism for not having a girlfriend.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} notices a couple moving to the secluded spot where he witnessed a couple kissing before and decides to follow and spy on them. He notices they are not just kissing, but also fooling around. There is an initial resistance from the girl, pushing the male's hand away when he tries to grope her breasts, but she eventually relents and, after a few more instants, she rubs his dick over his pants. The ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} feels an erection developing and an urge to touch himself. He barely controls himself and feels that another time he may not be as determined.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} hears a couple talking in class about making out after class and he decides to follow them. He spies on the couple kissing and groping and rubs himself a bit over his pants, feeling sorry that he doesn't have a girlfriend to rub him and wondering how amazing it must feel.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} notices a female student miming sucking cock to another female student and decides to follow the first one, even though that means skipping class. He finds that the girl is meeting with a male student and after a brief make out session, she pulls out his dick and marvels at it. She asks if he wants her to suck on it and the male enthusiastically agrees. She gives him an untrained, but happy and sloppy blowjob (fellatio). ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} frankly masturbates as he watches, with his hands down his pants, but he doesn't climax. Sound around school makes him realize he may be caught if he skips class again like that.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} opens a note exchanged between students during class and realizes two people are talking about oral sex. Students ask to go to the bathroom, a male and a female, and ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} decides to follow them, he pleads an upset stomach and goes out. He finds the two in the school's secluded make out spot and finds them making out. Before long, the female whispers something in the male's ear and lifts her skirt, she pulls down her panties and ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} thinks they are going to have sex, but the male licks the girl's pussy (cunnilingus). ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} wonders how it must feel, but decides it is not as exciting as watching a female go down on a male (fellatio). He gets caught by the janitor and brought to the principal for bing out of class without a hall pass.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} gets out of detention and is about to leave school when he notices strange noises coming back from a teacher's back window. He goes to investigate and finds a female student sucking on the male teacher's cock (fellatio) and stays to watch. He wonders if it is against some kind of regulation for a student to do that, but figures she is trying to get better grades. He masturbates and climaxes as he watches (???write a version for chastity belt???).
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} realizes there are always students making out at the secluded make out spot and that, sometimes, they will do more than just make out. He decides to install a spy camera there, stream the content and watch it from home. He witnesses a couple where the female lifted her shirt and allowed the male to suck on her nipples. There is also a recording of a female couple kissing. He masturbates to the streaming.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} installs an application on his phone to allow him to watch the secluded spot during class. He gets the opportunity to watch a couple having sex. They are mostly clothed and the female sits down on the male's cock, her back to him, no panties, skirt covering the penetration (vaginal). It is still extremely exciting. ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} gets and erection and gets called out by the teacher for looking at his phone during class. He can't get up due to his erection and gets extra punhisment for refusing to stand up, he eventually stands up when the punishments start piling up and other students realize he has an erection. He feels humiliated and the teacher makes it worse.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} watches his school spy camera at the secluded make out spot. He watches a couple try anal sex for the first time. It is super uncomfortable for the girl and they barely manage to finish it.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} watches his school spy camera at the secluded make out spot. He watches the most popular male school mate make out and get a blowjob (fellatio) from two female school mates.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} watches his school spy camera at the secluded make out spot. He watches the hotest male school mate get a blowjob (fellatio) from a hot teacher with her breasts exposed.
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} watches his school spy camera at the secluded make out spot. He watches a hot female student get into a threesome with another boy and girl. She seems more interested in the girl's attention than the boy's (vagina) (cunnilingus).
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} watches his school spy camera at the secluded make out spot. He watches a nerdy female student gets into a threesome with two boys. She gets spit roasted, being fucked from behind (vaginal) while sucking on the other boy's cock (fellatio).
# School Spy - The Lockerroom
- ${teenager_wimp_voyeur} finds 
- Wimp voyeur student finds a peephole to spy into the female lockerroom and female showers. He witnesses cheerleader showering and cheerleader changing. He witnesses hot female teacher showering and changing. He witnesses discreetly hot female changing and showering. He witnesses lesbians kissing and showering together. He witnesses lesbian-curious girls trying kissing and groping. He eventually witnesses cheerleader hazing ritual where a new cheerleader has to humiliate herself naked and give cunillingus to the head cheerleader who is wearing the cheerleader uniform. He eventually installs spy cameras in the female lockerroom and female showers.
# School Spy - The Students' Party Voyeur
- Wimp voyeur student goes to student party and witneses students making out. At later parties, he witnesses teenager couples having sex in bedrooms. Eventually he witnesses teenager couples having sex in dark corners, in the bathroom or in discreet places in the garden or basement. Eventually he witnesses students having sex in the open in an orgy-like format. Eventually he witnesses students having sex for money or drugs.
- Wimp voyeur student gets punished with detention for ogling girls. Wimp voyeur student gets sent to the principal for ogling girls. He gets punished in detention by having to masturbate under teacher's supervision. He is commanded to come masturbate first thing in the morning to be less interested in girls during school hours. He is put in chastity. He tries to bribe the strict female teacher to escape chastity with promises of money, she forces him to tell her the source of his revenue and she takes control of his streaming services at the school as a source of revenue for her. He sexually services the teacher (cunillingus). He submissively serves the teacher by kissing her feet. He goes serve the teacher at her home, cleaning, cooking, serving drinks, giving massages, offering humiliating demonstrations and offering cunillingus to teacher and her guests.
- [fix] As a teenage boy, I was dominated by a school bully. He humiliated me and harrassed me at school. At a party at a student's home, he forced me into a humiliating situation in front of other students and I ended up becoming a known chastised submissive to school dominants.
- [fix] As a teenage boy, I was dominated by the school bully who harrassed me and hurt me and blackmailed my girlfriend into trying on his dick and becoming addicted to it.

# School Pervert
# Home Spy
# Home Pervert

# 

